Oh, yes. So, tell us about you...
Ohhh...
Ohhh....
Oh my goodness.
They actually drop people through monitor in the classroom?
Woah.
Wow....
Ohhh...
Hehehe.
No way... *** ***
Yes.
No, way! ha! ***
Yeah.
Ohhhh..... Wow... Wow...
can't believe they did that, so, they said this was arizona? Oh Wow...
what are the disturbance that get you, like he's kinda see the one that suffer at the end of the day, you know.
Having that type of treatment on in, on them.
Yes... Yes....
Yeah.
No, but I do feel like that's like the kinda of a main attitude. Nowadays where can, um, Yeah, with a lot of, um parents, and in terms of parenting their kids, It's a very different attitude where, um...
where, um, i think  how much more on community mentality, people respected there, teacher's  they respected, police they respected , you know people in authority position , and um so if you got in trouble as a kid, yeah, exactly like you said,  your parents...
your-  you know the kid  gonna ask like, talking to  when they came home,  rather than this way the parent-